Let's create our DynamoDB table.
Here we are back in the AWS Management Console.
We first want to navigate to DynamoDB.
In the AWS services search box, type in and select DynamoDB.
Once the DynamoDB page is loaded, we want to select the Create table button.
We will enter our Table name as MovieRank,
and we'll set our Partition key as UserId.
We will also set the UserId to be a Number.
We will check the Add sort key box and enter MovieName as our sort key.
We will leave MovieName as a string.
And we can hit the Create button to create our table.
Once our table has been created, we also want to create a secondary index.
Select the Indexes tab, and select Create index.
Here we'll set the Partition key as MovieName,
we also need to set an Index name,
but you'll see that this was automatically done for
us based on our partition key.
To create our global secondary index, select Create index.
These indexes can take around 5 minutes to create depending on how much data you have in your table.